# hybrid-engine-ui

This repo contains the source code for the hybrid engine ground system UI

## Setup 

0. (Only required if working on UI) Follow steps on InSpace wiki to apply for Qt educational license and install Qt tools https://imaginary-fennel-36b.notion.site/PyQt-9af8dcdfb79d4bae98e3848670bb9994
1. Create a Python virtual environment `python -m venv <virtual environment name>`
2. Activate the virtual environment `.\<venv directory>\Scripts\Activate.ps1`. Note that you made need modify your machines execution policy if on Windows 11. To do so, run `Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser`
3. Install the required dependencies by running `pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Running 
This application can be run either from the command line or in the Qt creator application. To run this application from the command line run `python widget.py`

## Project structure
Here's a quick breakdown of the files and directories of this project
- `logos` - Directory containing pngs of the CUInspace Avionics logo
- `TheColdHasFlown.xlsx` - Excel sheet containing propulsion cold flow data
- `form.ui` - An XML-like document that we can use with Qt Creator to manually edit or UI. Do not attempt to manually edit this file
- `hybrid-engine-ui.pyproject` - Files generated by Qt creator that contain metadata about the project. Do not attempt to manually edit these files
- `packet_spec.py` - A Python file containing dataclasses representing the hybrid packet spec. It also contains functions for parsing data packets/datagrams into those dataclasses
- `ui_form.py` - The "compiled" version of `form.ui`. This is the Python code that actually creates the user interface. This is created when running the project within Qt Creator but it can also be created by running `pyside6-uic form.ui -o ui_form.py`. Do not attempt to manually edit this file
- `widget.py` - The Python code that launches the UI and acts as the entry point to the application
- `resources.qrc` - A file containing information about any resource files used in the UI. This is primarily used for adding images to the project and should only be modified within Qt Creator. Do not attempt to manually edit this file
- `rc_resources.py` - The "compiled" version of `rc_resources.py`. This is the python code that helps to render any resources. Do not attempt to manually edit this file